Home Our Success Stories
Our Success StoriesIT
Google Local Service Ads (LSA) Data Warehouse
By Ajay Bidyarthy -
August 30, 2021
10707
Client Background
Client: A leading Marketing firm in the USA
Industry Type:  Marketing
Services: Marketing consulting
Organization Size: 100+
Project Objective
Automated tool to extract daily review data from Local Service Ads dashboard for all clients.
Project Description
Extracts data from a company’s Google LSA page for the last 24 hours
The data is uploaded to the Bigquery database called “LSA_Review_db”.
The script runs once a day and is deployed to Heroku by the name “lsa-daily-reviews”.
The script runs for all companies in the Google sheet “LSA Review Automation master file”.
The following data is uploaded:
Date
Company Name
Location
Total Reviews
Verified Reviews
Overall Star
Reviewer Name
Review Date
Reviewer Star
Reviewer Comment
Our Solution
Get list of companies to monitor along with their LSA URL
Use Selenium automated browsing to open the review page for each company.
Web scrape the data from the review page
Prepare report
Upload to database
Project Deliverables
An automated tool that runs daily and extracts and uploads review data for all companies.
Tools used
Selenium
Heroku
Sheets API
BigQuery
Language/techniques used
Python
Skills used
Data extraction, cleaning and summarising. Web scraping.
Databases used
BigQuery –  LSA_Review_db
Web Cloud Servers used
Heroku
What are the technical Challenges Faced during Project Execution
Using Selenium to automate web browsing since it takes a large amount of RAM.
How the Technical Challenges were Solved
Using the proper type of dynos and managing their allotment to lower both costs as well as memory usage.
Previous article
Google Local Service Ads Missed Calls and Messages Automation Tool
Next article
Traction Dashboards of Marketing Campaigns and Posts
RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR
From Complexity to Clarity: Transforming Data into Decisions through Mixed Modelling
AWS CodePipeline is utilized for automatically building and deploying Lambda functions in AWS
Dockerize the AWS Lambda for serverless architecture