Home Our Success Stories
Our Success StoriesIT
Power BI Dashboard on Operations, Transactions, and Marketing Data, embedding the Dashboard to Web App
By Ajay Bidyarthy -
May 14, 2022
10594
Client Background
Client: A leading tech firm in the USA
Industry Type: IT Services
Services: Consulting, Software, Marketing Solutions
Organization Size: 100+
Project Objective
Create a dashboard with Assets Performance With react App. So users can evaluate with Key metrics from data analytics and forecasting.
Project Description
The client requires two pages:
Screening Asset Performance 
Portfolio Investing according to criteria and sector-based.
Our Solution
By using Power BI We can achieve this requirement without any additional stack. It requires a subscription to enhance the report.
Using Page Navigation and bookmarks to create reports like Web Application with React App.
Project Deliverables
Asset Report Page
Investor Page
Tools used
Power BI
Azure AAD
Mongo DB BI Connector
ODBC Connector
DAX Studio
Language/techniques used
STAR SCHEMA
Skills used
DATA MODELLING.
Performance Analyser.
Vertipaq Analyser.
Databases used
Mongo DB
Web Cloud Servers used
AZURE 
What are the technical Challenges Faced during Project Execution
Time for loading pages is increased due to raw data.
Cold start of Report taking more time than usual
How the Technical Challenges were Solved
From Snowflake to Star Schema  achieved performance of Report 
By using Performance Analyser debugging resolved many glitches and where it is happening.
Extraction, Transformation makes data less complex and removing unwanted data from a website perspective makes data shrink and achieved 75% of Data Reduction.
Business Impact
Less coding with Power BI speeds the development process and achieves Best UX with less time.
Project Snapshots
Project website url
https://digital.bctriangle.com
Project Video
Previous article
NFT Data Automation (looksrare), and ETL tool
Next article
Dashboard to track the analytics of the website using Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager
RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR
From Complexity to Clarity: Transforming Data into Decisions through Mixed Modelling
AWS CodePipeline is utilized for automatically building and deploying Lambda functions in AWS
Dockerize the AWS Lambda for serverless architecture