Home Our Success Stories
Our Success StoriesITRetail & Supply Chain
Create a Knowledge Graph to Provide Real-time Analytics, Recommendations, and a Single Source of Truth
By Ajay Bidyarthy -
July 22, 2023
10216
Client Background
Client: A leading tech firm in the USA
Industry Type:  Retail
Services: Retail Business
Organization Size: 100+
The Problem
The Client was using NoSql Database which was slow and did not provide real-time response for complex queries. The data had many Connections and it was difficult to represent them in NoSQL or Relational Databases.
Our Solution
Create a Knowledge Graph and Provide Real-time Analytics and Recommendations using Machine Learning.
Solution Architecture
Neo4j was Installed on a Cloud VM based on Linodes.
Deliverables
Knowledge graphs and Data Pipelines are used to Populate the Graph.
API’s to Perform CRUD operations in real-time.
Tools used
Neo4j
Postman
Language/techniques used
Python
JSON
Models used
Node-Relationship model
Skills used
Programming
Data Engineering
Data Analytics
Databases used
Neo4j
Web Cloud Servers used
Linode
What are the technical Challenges Faced during Project Execution
Integration of Firestore with Neo4j without any native integration method or driver.
How the Technical Challenges were Solved
The challenge was solved by using api to retrieve data from Firestore.
Project Snapshots 
Contact Details
Here are my contact details:
Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com
Skype: asbidyarthy
WhatsApp: +91 9717367468
Telegram: @asbidyarthy 
For project discussions and daily updates, would you like to use Slack, Skype, Telegram, or Whatsapp? Please recommend, what would work best for you.
Previous article
Advanced AI for Thermal Person Detection
Next article
Advanced AI for Trading Automation
RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR
From Complexity to Clarity: Transforming Data into Decisions through Mixed Modelling
AWS CodePipeline is utilized for automatically building and deploying Lambda functions in AWS
Dockerize the AWS Lambda for serverless architecture